…web content. You are currently on a tool - link - visited link (garbled) link
City of Toronto College Street Upgrades.
List two items, Col… Visited link.
Skip to con… Main.
You are currently on a heading level one. Heading level one: College Street upgrades. Page actions: navigation. Share this page.
Menu pop up collapsed; button: print button; image of College Street, image.
The city's contractor is replacing the street car tracks from Bathurst Street to Borden Street and University Avenue to Bay Street. Crews are also working on the elevated cycle track from Augusta Avenue to Spadina Avenue.
Expect travel delays. See details in construction map tab below.
Link: IE 28; Expand all… Collapse All… College… News and updates: collapsed button. News and updates: expanded button.
You are currently on a heading… Heading level two: news and updates, expanded button.
Virtual trailer drop in and 11 more items. Region, heading level three: virtual trailer drop-in.
The project team will host virtual trailer drop in meetings where members of the public can join to ask questions about the construction work. Project staff and the TTC Senior community liaison will be present to provide answers. List…